is cooking in the oven really better
than the microwave let's talk about that
[Music]
if you want your mythical gifts to
arrive before Christmas the last day to
order from the mythical store
domestically with standard shipping for
guaranteed arrival on December 25th is
today go to mythical calm for all your
last-minute holiday shopping and today
we want to recognize Perry Spencer no
he's not our new intern he's the man who
made the man who invented Bagel Bites
rich I'm talking about the inventor of
the microwave microwaves cook food
miraculously fast but the general
assumption is that they do not make food
miraculously tasty huh you got to throw
it in the oven if you want that or do
you that's the question
are the extra minutes it would take to
cook things in an oven truly worth
waiting for is the oven superior to the
microwave or are we Fools to question
the work of mr. Perry said sir it's time
for worth the wait late night snack
edition and we want to give a shout out
to mythical beast
k-dog woody who pitched this idea that
we're doing for this episode in the
comments see we read the comments we do
the ideas sometimes ok k-dog we have
decided to test late-night snacks each
round we're gonna taste one item that's
been prepared both by the microwave and
the conventional oven and then we will
try to guess which one was cooked in the
oven yeah we'll find out if we're right
and then we'll decide if the oven
version is really worth the wait yes in
the end the winner will win a microwave
from David Hill well thank you Dave I'm
gonna use a new microwave as you can see
we can't and what you're not seeing is
Bagel Bites which is arguably my
favorite late-night snack sigh right to
make eight of these it would take 1
minute and 45 seconds in the microwave
or 14 minutes at 425 degrees in the oven
so taste away fellas okay that's a good
bagel bite I've actually never had a
bagel bite well you have now huh where
have I been biting
oh this is easy man
yeah I'm inclined to base it on the
rubberiness
of the of the bread in one of them
versus the crunchiness in the other one
no but you can't rely on that too much
no no that's not a good indicator
besides that the taste is pretty similar
otherwise and I kind of like things more
chewy which I like more yet I'm choosing
the oven one right yeah so you're gonna
put your hand over the one you think is
in the oven or came from the oven and
three two one you are both correct you
may remove your blindfold and they look
totally different
hence the blindfolds they got a little
crispy I mean I know you like you like
chewy stuff but Matan yeah crispy bread
man like this is what the average person
would prefer right I mean if you're
gonna toast a bagel you want it to have
a little there so haft they're they're
so different because the bread product I
think that's really what really sends it
over the top is the Pens you get what's
not this is horrid twelve minutes 15
seconds Plus preheat time in the oven
adds even more time but I mean it's
still less than 15 min and read a book
you could there's lots little things you
could do during that 12 minutes so are
the megabytes worth the extra 12 minutes
and 15 seconds Plus preheat time with
the oven yes because of the bread
because of the bread that's what you
said Wow - before you you have Tyson hot
wings oh I could smell these from it a
lot of weight I'm trying not a wing that
means take about four to five minutes in
the microwave or 18 to 20 minutes Oh 400
degrees in the oven we enjoy these in my
house mm-hmm
and I've done them both ways have you
huh oh that's a tasty wing so I feel
like oh yeah I feel like I know the
difference here I felt like one of these
is dramatically better than the other
one
dramatically and I'm emphatically
pointing at the one that's better which
I'm gonna vote for and I'm now I'm
pointing at the other guy who's probably
gonna vote for the same thing because I
said
this is obvious just FYI Rhett has like
cleaned all of the meat off of his bones
in a way that is very imaginative yeah
um did you are you're a food eating
maniac can I help it man you put a wing
in the wrestlers mouth and it's gonna
come back bones all right hands over the
oven wings and three two one gotta be
this yeah yeah you can remain mindful
yeah that this is dramatically different
oh gosh if you order a wing from like a
like a pizza joint you're like how's
Domino's and them other places they'll
wrap them in foil him other places man
and then they'll deliver it to you house
and it's just soggy
in fact this almost seems gross it's
just spongy and there's no crisp to it
at all if you're starving and it's like
1:00 a.m. and you can't wait fit 16
minutes maybe well I would wait I'd wait
half an hour I'd wait you half an hour
to I wait 45 no I would not wait more
than 59 minutes but the but prescribe 16
minute additional wait it's totally
worth it right yes Theisen hot wings
worth the extra 14 to 16 minutes yes
these need to be thrown out three next
up we have el Monterrey beef and cheese
taquitos taquitos these take 1 minute
and 15 seconds in the microwave or 12
minutes at 400 degrees in the oven alone
I'm gonna knock taquitos have gotten
longer that is a good snack y'all lots
of things in the world are getting worse
taquitos are getting longer yeah hold on
a second now this is not immediately
obvious well yeah yes okay is now that I
took a bite right I mean it just seems
that you can't match the Christmas in a
what do you have now Christmas Christmas
Christmas Christmas crispness at
Christmas that you
in the oven and a my goalie Oh mm-hmm
but you know what I think there's a big
question mark on the back end of this
one okay I think I know where you're
going but let's guess first hands over
the oven three two one
yeah you guys are nailing this one okay
um but you interesting you know glasses
on we got it interesting well I got a
seat I'm gonna make fun of me for having
to seems like we're not I didn't think
about the fact that you've been
blindfolded and it was like a man
getting ready to read like something it
was like all right I got a dig in here I
mean I can see without it but they don't
look that much different but they
they're considerably crunch here and
there's a 10 minute 45 second
differential here and what I tasted this
one first it made me happy and if I
didn't have this to go to and compare it
to I'm just saying I was in a happy zone
are you saying that the crisp of a
taquito is not as important as its
length which is the same in either way
but let me ask you this how many
taquitos could you eat in 11 minutes cuz
in the time you come in a box
alright you could eat the whole thing in
the time you wait into a box so am i
swaying your opinion because here I'll
say it's not as good a crispy taquito is
something that should be enjoyed at
least fortnightly but the other nights
but man listen to visit yeah this isn't
about Chris penis this is about getting
that taquito in your mouth and going to
bed and you know why because shooting
first it's like the difference between a
a crunchy taco and a soft taco it's not
it's not that though it's still a legit
writing a soft on crispy wing is nasty
nasty but to you is good either way it's
the soft talk are these taquitos worth
the extra 10 minutes and 45 seconds
oh yeah no you guys have some all right
a tater tots in front of you tater eyes
roll bag takes about three and a half
minutes to microwave or 25 minutes at
450 degrees in the oven that's a big
differential
what's happened over there they're stuck
together over here not that that would
tell you anything
mmm okay hmm huh so what branded Eve's
Josh then it's a or Ida brand tater tots
it's actually the only brand in the
world that can use the term Tater Tot
what seriously
so you'll see competitors using terms
like tater crowns or golden rounds put a
turn what round
Tater Tot is exclusive to orida all
right I'm ready to vote okay three two
one
yep yep um yeah it's it's easy to tell
but again hold on okay listen this is
something's weird happens okay I just I
mess up two parts of that sentence
because there's a lot happening in my
brain right now these are very clearly
from the oven and they're crispy but
they don't taste good these are mushy
kind of stuck together they taste more
potato they taste better did you know
that I'm actually a Tater Tot microwave
evangelist myself really yeah yeah a
hundred percent yeah well what's
happening there's something
scientifically it tastes more like they
taste more legit potato if you like it
was something was revealed something
that Tater Tot was trying to hide was
revealed in the oven you're losing too
much moisture in the oven when it all
kind of steams together
that's the magic its moisture these are
too dry that's what's happening I might
wait 21 extra minutes for the microwave
that's yeah
III think what about refrying is that
legit uh it is legit but I'd say let
them thaw again I eat a lot of tater
tots before you reframe otherwise it
gets too dark
all right so are these tater tots worth
the extra 21 minutes and 30 seconds
no absolutely not the microwave is
better
unless you wanna do like a frying thing
which we're not talking about who's that
[Music]
finally we have broccoli and cheddar Hot
Pockets
one of these takes about two to three
minutes to microwave or 28 minutes at
350 degrees in the oven wow I'm so short
I are you have you have two Oh they've
been have safe inviting right into the
cross-section thank you okay
and Rhett we're going for the Queen
sweep double Queen sweep I stink
- boy that is a stinky treat this is a
bad flavor y'all does anybody eat these
I do there's like four hundred and
seventy three flavors of Hot Pockets it
almost tastes like fish and I mean there
are four hundred and seventy two better
than the one that you chose these are my
favorite hop I can see what respect for
you guys I don't say one of them is
marginally acceptable and the other one
is just nastiness personified and paka
fide I'm ready to vote yeah okay you
ready to vote yep - one for the Queen
sweep yes we agree we're out you have
done it
okay no thanks for the applause guys
Queen sweeps don't happen every day
I've done it in a big way but here's the
thing is it worth the wait and I gotta
say I'm definitely having a difficult
time making this decision because I hate
both of them it's almost half an hour
for something that is still nasty what
if it was a hot pocket that was worth
eating you know what if Josh had decided
to give us a different flavor I like one
that doesn't have like Satan's stalk in
it same stalk that's something else
broccoli but the home we're also talking
about 26 to 27 minutes I mean that is
like that's a television show I mean
like you know a half-hour comedy are you
willing to sit around for that long
that's a long time in 2019 26 to 27
minutes that's a long time to wait
absolutely not if it it did get
marginally better but and it isn't like
this isn't crispy what you know saying
like because they have that special
pocket that makes it crispy when I bit
right exactly
that crisping sleeve when I bit into
this crispy I wasn't immediately sure
that it was from the microwave it was
when I bit that that I knew it was from
the oven yep
so her hot pockets worth the extra
almost half an hour
no absolutely not and here here's the
newsflash
we got the Queen suite both of us so we
both win or microwave from David he'll
come on out David's son
you see listen I feel ripped off thank
you David
okay no that wasn't worth it let me just
say but we also what we did also learned
today is that the only two things that
we tasted that are worth the weight in
the oven are the Bagel Bites and the
wings mm-hmm with the wings being
especially worth the weight the other
stuff you can get by with a microwave
thank you for liking commenting and
subscribing you know what time it is I'm
spider-man
I'm in Iceland right now so it's pretty
cold but it's time to spin the wheel of
mythicality never seen him in a
turtleneck like that Oh with that accent
click the top link and watch this debate
if an item should be reheated or not and
gives a little more and if I don't wear
the wheel of mythicality is gonna land
keep us close to your heart with our
mythical necklaces available now at
mythical calm